   1. What is Semantic HTML? 
     Semantic HTML is using the correct universal meaning in html that 
     everyone would understand.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is used to create the information part of the webpage.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        An attribute changes the behavior of an element and 
        we put it next to the tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        h1 tag is used to create the heading/ title of the page. Best way 
        to use it is using it once however you can use it as long as it fits
        the way the page looks.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        img and a have required attributes.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        We put the title, and a navigation bar or some information.
    7. What is an id? 
        An id is used to change texts using javascript or css.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        you can use it on any element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        you can only use id once
    10. What is a class?
         class is used to change styles of elements.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        you can add a class to any element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        you can use class multiple times.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        you have to add a  target="_blank" to the link.
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        alt attribute is used to replace an image with a text if the
        image cannot be displayed.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        you use # to reference an id.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        a section is used to group up content and a div
        element does not have a special meaning.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        css is used to style the webpage.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 { }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        the difference between them is that class can be used multiple times and
        an id is used for just one item. you would usually use an id for something more important.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? 
        you select classes by using the period behind the class name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human, p { }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        The parent child selector is when you select the child of the parent to change element to.
         It would be useful only when you want to select an all of the same elements under one group.
         For example selecting all p under div. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
          div .sidebar { }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
           pseudo selector is used to style elements individually.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
         you use line-height: ;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
          letter-spacing: ;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: capitalize;   text-transform: lowercase; text-transform: uppercase;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1px dotted #000000;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
            you use the universal selector *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
            /*  */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls 
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
       rm <file> you have to be careful because it will permanently
    34. Why should I use version control? 
      so you and your teammates can work together on the project at the same time.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
       every couple hours
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 